hi there
this video is for introducing myself ,for detailed info about me and my professional life
 you can also refer to my resume ,
i'm a 35 years old Iranian married man with a 2 years old son who i love more than the world. 
As a teenager i studied in special gifted school called Sampad in Iran that is for students 
with above normal IQ in Iran, Qaemshahr city, which is located in north of Iran , 
 After that i got accepted in  science and culture university in Tehran -capital of Iran- 
 in industrial engineering major,
although it is not common in my country i lived independently since i was 17 with part time
jobs as tutor or teaching or even small research project for other students ,

before graduating from university i started working full time at oil gas company called 
Atlas offshore as project planning/control  junior and after about a year or so i got promoted
 to  projects planning manager.
my activities there were mostly gathering and analyzing reports and give estimations and 
plan for different departments calculating and presenting invoices to customers and some 
financial analysis, like projects costs estimations , profitability of projects and so on ...
as a project control personnel i had access to lot of information and needed to understand 
more of each department work and details so i worked in details with Eng departments ,
 QC departments, construction departments , finance departments, warehouse , etc... 
 and even worked as their personnel if it was possible , 
i had a knack for algorithm and coding from the beginning ,even though i had no background
 in that area i self thought myself basics of coding like  visual basic , 
 VBA(for excel/access databases), c#, IIS, SQLSERVER, MySQL Apache , PHP and some JS , 
 and i developed small applications to connect different departments data flow and analyzing them

i grew in my company my financial state were good up until a crises happened in Iran 
regarding sanctions and  shortage of budget for most projects , i had two options : wait
( get paid minimum amount until everything gets OK ) - or change field and start working 

i waited for about 4 month but from the looks of it situations were bad so i decided to 
search for other jobs that was when i got employed by Knauf company an international Germany 
based company making drywall ,
my main responsibility there was to generate reports and define data flow and structure of 
different procedures and it was a bumpy road but what it did for me was to made me realize 
that i love to create programmatic procedures and i could improve my coding skills so i could 
work as a programmer professionally . after a while ( about a year) my responsibilities in 
that company changed to more reporting duties so i figured it was time for me to step in 
programmers realm
so i quit that job and started as a junior front-end programmer in Baruzh from ISIran company ,
 main employee for governmental sites in Iran like different governmental university sites ,
  police sites , etc...
i worked with them about 1.5 year with main technology as Drupal 7.x , 8.x , and angular 1.x as
 front and other frontal technologies like bootstrap jQuery and etc ...
as i got more skilled and confident in my field i got an offer for twice the pay and more extra
  benefits from another company called " rahpooyan danesh va andishe" that focuses on educational
  materials . they needed front-end programmer and my hand was fast to develop web pages from 
  Photoshop designs , and there i worked with Vue.js angular 4.x and Laravel as Backend , they
   had a lot of projects and i was in heaven with a lot of work to be done , there i fell in 
   love with Vue.js and Laravel and after a while  Nodejs came into my attention and all my 
   wishes came true ... 
there our team were mostly consists of 4-5 people me and one others as full stack developers - 
a designer - a part time dev-up , and an extra back-end developer 
we developed some project to convert videos , make subtitle for them , edit videos , translate 
videos and subtitles, web crawling for contents , power point making , quizzes, learning
procedures .... and i included myself in all the activities for projects (dev-ups , host configs ,
 dba ,coding,... not too much design cause i think designer should be a free thinker and i 
 just putted in ideas if needed),
i was above clouds and we worked about 75 to 80 hours per weeks for months. and we always pushed
 each-others limits to make each other grow

and suddenly my son happened, and my life was OK for a bout a month or so , and then all hell 
broke loose . having a child is hard ... i mean real hard . the most hard part is no sleep for
 about a year . and i needed time for the family so my working hours had to be decreased to normal
  hours (50 hours a week give or take) .

so i talked with the company manager and explained the situation , he accepted but in action
 the work load didn't decreased and all and situation pointed at me being overworking again so
  I understood i needed a change of situation for the health of my family . so i worked with 
  them as part time personal and found a job elsewhere . and after a while i ended my employment 
  there and started working with Eposense .
and life is OK again . when you bring a child into this world you suddenly feel anxious about  
future and for me that i was really  it created a bond between me and the normal human life 
as you can see i'm have workaholic tendency and get lost into my work ...

now i can  see that i somehow reached the ceiling in my job at Iran as you know this country 
has awful technological  situations with a lot of filtering of information and also this is a
 really bad environment to raise a kid . so i'm looking forward for jobs abroad in a better 
 environment both for my professional and personal life...

my skills is as i take 
work well with others , time and tasks management and analyse,
i take my responsibilities seriously and think before taking new responsibilities ,
i value my time and others , 
i tend to think outside the box periodically , 
i try to plan ahead and start the job and re plan i believe in do-check-plan cycle
i try to give feedback on my status on a job so everybody can plan and give warning to 
others if my job is going south or taking more time then anticipated , 
i'm a self learner and believe i should learn until i die

my programming skills are
back end server side : 
php- composer laravel ,  some design patterns drupal 7.x , 8.x and a little wordpress , joomla
rebitmqtt massage broker ,
nodejs: socket.io  , express.js , commandline , requests , crawlers, mongoose , crons, 
databases: mongodb, Sqlserver, mysql, sql-lite, nedb, 
working with dockers and microservices 

front-end:
angularjs 1.x, 4.x , vue.js , jquery , bootstrap , material design
less, sass, css animation and transitions , svg animations , and a lot of related frameworks...
pwa with service workers, web workers, notifications , ...
google map api , direction , distance , heatmaps ,...
ionic ,cordova , phone-gap apps,...
